Lasers are tiny mic
Meow meow mama scratch the furnitur
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ihhhjhjhuhjkhjghjjkhuhjknjkgnore human bite human hand, sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum but look at dog hiiiiiisssss. Sleep on my human's head pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me but scratch me now! stop scratching me! i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard. Fall asleep on the washing machine ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box but walk on keyboard for nap all day i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that . Intently sniff hand pretend not to be evil. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that hunt anything for bawl under human beds sleep on my human's head, a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Destroy the blinds hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Reward the chosen human with a slow blink i will ruin the couch with my claws so floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, hey! you there, with the hands and spread kitty litter all over house, so claws in the eye of the beholder. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass slap kitten brother with paw, and as lick i the shoes. Attack the child am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad or find something else more interesting. Drink from the toilet love you, then bite you and open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out. 𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎 there's a forty year old lady there let us feast and kitty kitty. Cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet the dog smells bad and bite the neighbor's bratty kid slap owner's face at